1 - Identify which Picasa albums are involved

You're about to convert some Picasa album assignments into XMP
keywords, so you need to prepare in advance you "convertion table".
This file will tell which keywords to put for which Picasa album.

First step is to identify those Picasa albums. 2 ways here :
- Open Picasa and copy/paste each involved album name
OR
- Open the .picasa.ini files with a text editor and search for lines
starting with "name="

2 - Complete your albums.tsv file

This file tells which XMP keyword goes with which Picasa album, so it's
faily important to tune it before you run the VB Script.
- It has a header, but it's more to keep up with the best practices.
The first line is not read by the script anyway.
- The fisrt field is the Picasa album name
- The column delimiter is a <Tab> character (ASCII code = 9)
- The second fied is the XMP keyword. ex : Statut;In Progress
You might want to use the 'albums.xlsx' file instead. That's 
allright but you'll have to update the 'albums.tsv' file once you've
finished with the Excel version. To to so, open the alums.tsv in a
text editor and simply copy / paste the lines from the Excel sheet.
Make sure all your Picasa albums are in this file, with the XMP
keyword that goes with it. You might want to input the keywords in
AfterShot Pro while doing this.
If a Picasa album does not appear in this file, the pictures won't 
get any keywords.

3 - Launch AfterShot Pro and create the XMP files

- Add the new keywords. Althought this is not mandatory, it's a good
thing to have those new keywords ready in AfterShot before the 
pictures get them.
- Create an AfterShot catalog that holds all the folders you want 
to convert. Keep in mind that whose folder will be handled only if 
they have a .picasa.ini file in them, with albums description in it 
or ratings.
- Right click on the new catalog and choose "Create AfterShot XMP 
files for entire catalog". Leave the process run. It might take a 
long time according to the number of pictures inside the catalog.

4 - Launch the VB Script picasa2xmp.vbs

When it starts, the script asks for the top level folder to process.
It will process recusively all sub-folders inside the chosen folder.
For each folder, the .picasa.ini file is read. The albums.tsv file
is also read to give the corresponding keywords for each album name.
If a picture has a rating (Star inside Picasa) or if it belongs to a 
known album (an album described in 'albums.tsv') then the XMP file
associated with the picture will be re-written by the script with 
the correct values. Any Picasa star will give a 3 stars rating inside
AfterShot Pro. If a picture belongs to several albums, the 
corresponding keywords will be concatenated.

5 - Check the logs

Since those picture were already sorted in albums inside Picasa,
you can check all the 'picasa2xmp_XX.log' files that the scipt
left in the working directory. Each file is about one folder. For
each of them it explains what were the album names found, and all
the pictures assignments to those albums that were found.

6 - Update the AfterShot Pro catalog

Back in AfterShot Pro 3, simply go back on the "File System" tab,
point to the folder you've just processed and import it again into
the same catalog.
This will make AfterShot Pro update its information about the files
that are there, taking into account the now keywords found, the new
ratings, etc...
